System Engineer
Hong Kong
Job Description
Job Responsibilities: 

Design and develop Octopus device applications and related systems
Build technical specifications
Prepare test documentation and conduct testing
Plan and conduct performance reliability tests for Octopus devices and systems
Job Requirements:

Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electronic Engineering or related disciplines
A minimum of 2 to 3 years of solid experience in system development, preferably in Linux and Android platform
Proficiency in C/C++/Java programming languages
Sound knowledge of software development methodologies and committed to building high- quality software deliverables
Knowledge of industrial quality requirements and safety standards
Excellent spoken in English and Cantonese
Fresh graduates are also welcome to apply and will be considered for the Assistant System Engineer position
We offer successful candidate an attractive remuneration package and excellent career prospects. Interested parties please send your resume, present and expected salary, contact details and quoting the reference number by clicking "Apply Now"

Visit our web site: http://www.octopus.com.hk/ 

The personal data collected will be used for recruitment purposes only. If you are not contacted by us within six weeks, you may consider your application unsuccessful. Personal data with an unsuccessful applicant will be destroyed 12 months after rejection of the application. During this retention period, you have the right to request for correction or destruction of your personal data at any time. Any request for the correction or destruction of personal data should be addressed in writing to our Human Resources & Administration Department.

Octopus is an equal opportunity employer and all employment decisions and Human Resources policies are administered; especially those relating to recruitment & selection, compensation & benefits, promotion & transfer, training & development and termination & redundancy; without discrimination on the basis of age, race, colour, religion, sex,national origin, marital status, pregnancy, physical and mental disability and family status but on genuine occupational qualification, job performance, employees’ ability and internal/ external relativities.

About Us
Octopus Holdings Limited

Born from Hong Kong's demand for fast, convenient, and reliable payment solutions, Octopus introduced the world's first contactless multi-modal transit payment system in 1997. Since then, this homegrown FinTech company has pioneered innovative payment solutions for urban living across four continents.

Our Vision

To become the most preferred payment and lifestyle companion that connects customers and business partners through our best-in-class products and services.

Our Mission

Making everyday life easier.

Our Values

Customer Centricity, Simplicity & Trustworthiness.

Dedicated to addressing customer needs and adapting to evolving market trends, Octopus has broadened its services beyond transportation to encompass retail, e-commerce, cross-border transactions, and travel abroad. Today, we serve approximately 98% of Hong Kong’s population, processing around 15 million transactions at more than HK$300 million on average daily.

At the heart of our success are our colleagues. We value mutual respect, foster collaboration, and encourage innovation and partnership. Join us and shape the future of payment solutions. Your impact starts here!
